>> Scott Moss: So about REST?
Well, Locke?
>> Speaker 2: Rest is
the set of instructions,
post, get, put.
>> Scott Moss: I'm gonna say this,
whatever answer anybody says about REST,
is probably gonna be right,
cuz it's literally that blurry.
Like, there is no good,
definitely, so you are right.
It is that.
That's describing how REST works.
It's very blurry,
there isn't really a solid thing.
There's no enforced interface.
There's just like, some ideas around and,
you implement them, and see how it goes.
But tldr, it's the most popular API
design pattern out there, I would say,
but it's not this silver bullet, and
also, like I said, it's very blurry.
It's just some ideas that people
came up with, and then, eventually,
people just go off and
just create their own different version of
it that's completely different
than what the idea started with.
And I've never really truly
seen of a strict REST API.
I think the closest you might
get to something like that,
is like back in the day when you were
generating APIs with Ruby on Rails,
and they kinda just did everything for
you, like that.
But even then, you would denormalize and
make something else, because your
application needed something completely
different, so it's very, very blurry.
Like I said, it's an API design
that combines database resources
with route paths, and
you said Lock, HTTP verbs.
So it's a combination of those three
things that allow the application to
describe what action, as in a crud action,
that they are trying to perform, right?
So if I have resources, like a user and
an account, and I wanna be able
to perform crud on an account,
the REST interface would allow
me to perform those different
actions based on the combinations of
the route that I send to the server, and
the verb, so
it could be slash user with a delete.
Now that API knows I want to
delete a user, that type of thing.
Any questions on that?
Okay, so it was popularized when SAS
products started offering APIs for
integrations, basically.
So all these SAS products started coming
out, and when you're building an API for
yourself internally, as in your web app
is using your API, you don't really
need to use REST, you can just do whatever
you want, right, because it really depends
on whatever your client needs, it'll
be just very specific domain, like API.
But would you open that API for
developers to use, to integrate?
Well, now you gotta have some type
of standards and some type of form.
You can't just be whatever you want.
You can't be proprietary.
So that's kind of where
REST decided to show.
It was created before that, but
I think that's when it got popular, so.
And then, obviously,
Ruby on Rails made it super popular.
Works with basic data models, and
basically, what I mean by that,
is it's really hard to scale
with complex data models.
So for instance, if you have like a graph
DB, if you're the Facebook of the world,
and all your data is linked with nodes and
dependencies down here, that's a graph DB,
the rest if really hard for that.
Like it's really hard.
It doesn't,
it just doesn't really work for that.
I mean, you'll basically just been
extending what REST can do, and
you might as well
implement something else.
So when I say basic data models, I mean,
like basic, relational, hopefully,
data models that don't really depend on
each other, and yeah, that type of stuff.
So, very hard.